-------------------------------------------------------------
OpenSource
-------------------------------------------------------------
h1. "Don't Repeat Yourself"

During the course of a project, or between projects, I have found patterns that repeat themselves.  Since I am the true believer of 
the "DRY principle":http://www.artima.com/intv/dry.html, I started collecting them, and created a project whenever I see that the benefit
outweighed the cost.

The result are the following projects.

h1. BuildMaster

"http://buildmaster.rubyforge.org":http://buildmaster.rubyforge.org

The project that can reduce the size of your project release script greatly.

Also the project that can help build a HTML based web site easily, so that you can deploy them to ANY server that supports HTML.  This
site is also powered by BuildMaster.

h1. Cotta

"http://cotta.sourceforge.net/":http://cotta.sourceforge.net/

A lightweight Java File IO related framework with the principle of Domain Driven and Test Driven.  
See "Cotta Power":http://agileworks.blogspot.com/2006/07/cotta-power.html for the initial thoughts.

This is also the project that embraced the "Behaviour Driven Development":http://behaviour-driven.org/.

h1. DbFixture

"http://dbfixture.public.thoughtworks.org/":http://dbfixture.public.thoughtworks.org/

A lightweight testing fixture framework that helps database related testing using "HSQLDB":http://hsqldb.org/.

The idea of DbFixture came out of two projects that we have worked on, both of which involve building our own 
data access layer for special reason. After the end of the second project, we put together the requirement and wrote this library. 

h1. jBehave

"http://www.jbehave.org":http://www.jbehave.org

A testing framework that carries the mission of bringing test-driven development to its full potential: 
"Behaviour Driven":http://behaviour-driven.org/.

h1. jbuilder-opentools

"https://jbuilder-opentools.dev.java.net/":https://jbuilder-opentools.dev.java.net/

The projects of JBuilder Opentool community during the period when JBuilder is still JBuilder.

h1. XmlFixture

"https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=54719&package_id=156151":https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=54719&package_id=156151

A small library that can be used for XML content assertions.  Details to be updated "here":xmlfixture.html