-----------------------------------------------
Experiences
-----------------------------------------------
h1. Guidewire

Currenly working for "Guidewire":http://www.guidewire.com, as team lead on Application Framework Team, building shared features among Guidewire insurance products.

h1. ThoughtWorks

Working as a "ThoughtWorker":thoughtworks.html, traveling within US and to China for Agile Projects.
Attended role including: 

* XP coach for developers, QAs, and Business Analysts
* Architect
* Iteration Manager
* Project Manager

h1. Borland

Worked on "JBuilder":http://www.borland.com/us/products/jbuilder/index.html.  Areas are:

* Test-Driven Development Support
** J2SE: JUnit Support
** J2EE: Cactus Support
** J2ME: JMicroUnit and Support
* JBuilder Development Testing Support
* Refactoring
* ErrorInsight
* JBuilder MobileSet
* Product Interaction Design

h1. Independent Consultant

My first taste of <acronym title="Extreme Programming">XP</acronym> in Portland, Oregon, 2001, which changed my perspective on the craftsmanship of
Software and I have never turned back since.

h1. Cysive

As a senior consultant delivering enterprise application using RUP(Rational Unified Process).

h1. EquipmentAuction.com

A taste of the excitement and craziness of a startup, and the experience of a software project management that raised many questions in my mind.

h1. CSC/SCI

Three years of interacting with Database provided me the understanding of relational database that gives me the leverage that I need
to work with DBA(Database Administrator).  I also picked up PowerBuilder, Shell, and As/400 RPG on the way (not that I am recommending anyone 
to learn them).
