-----------------------------------------
Hobby
-----------------------------------------
h1. Book

Visit "My Book Shelf":http://www.shelfari.com/wolfdancer/shelf

h1. Board Game

True randomness, easy to carry, fun to play, if you get the right game.

* Scrabble: Of course, how can anyone not like this classic word game.
* BurnRate: A "Dot Com" game where each player try to burn as less money as possible while try to 
get the opponent burn as more as possible.
* Settler of Catan: Gather resources, build civilization, win the points
* Carcassonne: Build the city, road, or a monastery.  But don't forget that farmers always win the competition.

h1. Hiking

The reason that I am still stuck with this area not able to owning a place where I can call home is because of the nice mountain around and the great
weather that allows me to visit them as much as possible.  So we made a pack to visit as many places as possible.

Books were bought and "Blogs":http://funworks.blogspot.com were created.


h1. Ski and Snowboarding

Photos to be uploaded

h1. Computer Game

Currently a member of "WHO":http://www.whosgaming.com/, a server for the online game "Enemy Territory":http://games.activision.com/games/wolfenstein/.

h1. Uberman Sleep Schedule

An interesting experience of changing one's sleeping behavior. 

* Experiment Blog: "http://wolfdancer.blogspot.com":http://wolfdancer.blogspot.com
* Yahoo Group: "http://health.groups.yahoo.com/group/uberman/":http://health.groups.yahoo.com/group/uberman/
